2D Animator
Make 2D images move using hand drawings or computer software.

3D Animator
Bring illustrated objects to life for movies and video games.

3D Modeler
Create digital models that can be viewed from all angles.

Animation Supervisor
Oversee the work of a team of Animators.

Animation Technical Director
Lead an animation team in creating high-tech graphics for a film.

Animator
Make illustrated objects come to life using artistic and technical talents.

Artificial Intelligence Specialist
Invent technology that can think like humans.

Bioinformatics Software Engineer
Create software that organizes huge amounts of genetic information.

Book Designer
Craft attention-grabbing book covers.

Business Intelligence Analyst
Identify trends to help make business decisions.

Character Designer
Create the appearance of complex animated characters.

Cinematic Artist
Produce graphics that make video games flow like a movie.

Cisco Certified Internetwork Expert
Hold high-level certification in managing complex computer networks.

Clinical Informatics Director
Manage systems that monitor patient information in hospitals or clinics.

Compositor
Put animation and real film footage together to make one amazing movie.

Computer Forensics Investigator
Recover deleted computer files as evidence in criminal cases.

Computer Hardware Engineer
Help design and test new computer electronics.

Computer Science Professor
Teach university students about computer science.

Computer Support Specialist
Help customers troubleshoot computer issues.

Concept Artist
Think up characters, objects, or environments for films or video games.

Cybersecurity Strategist
Work in-house or as a Consultant, creating plans to prevent cyber attacks.

Data Architect
Create a system for processing company information.

Data Scientist
Analyze a company’s stored information to identify trends.

Data Warehouse Specialist
Design and build a virtual storehouse for company information.

Database Analyst
Assess whether company information is easily collected and retrieved.

Document Imaging Specialist
Covert company files into digital format.

eCommerce Consultant
Guide clients through the process of taking their business online.

EDI Systems Analyst
Equip companies with the fastest data transfer systems.

Electronics Engineer
Design, create and test new electrical gadgets.

Enterprise Architect
Ensure that a company’s IT system perfectly matches its business goals.

Environment Artist
Design the scenery of a video game.

Ethical Hacker
Find a computer system’s weak spots by deliberately hacking it.

Flash Designer
Create animated, interactive web pages using Flash.

Food Stylist
Make food look scrumptious for photo and film shoots.

Game Artist
Create visuals for video games.

Game Designer
Think up concepts and storylines for video games.

Game Developer
Create video games as a Designer, Programmer, or Artist.

Game Director
Serve as the creative brains behind video games.

Game Producer
Complete video game projects by overseeing schedules, budgets, and staff.

Game Programmer
Write the code for computer games.

Game Tester
Play video games to make sure they’re bug-free.

Graphic Designer
Create high impact images that deliver a message.

Illustrator
Create images and pictures to enrich stories.

Infographic Artist
Use graphics to express ideas, facts, and information.

Information Architect
Arrange web or software content in an attractive and user-friendly manner.

Information Technology Consultant
Use your expertise to solve IT problems for clients.

Interaction Designer
Make gadgets user-friendly.

Interactive Designer
Create websites that encourage user participation.

IT Instructor
Give classes in information technology.

IT Operations Analyst
Maintain IT systems for a company.

Java Developer
Use the Java programming language to build computer programs.

Layout Artist
Arrange a web page, poster, or magazine in an appealing manner.

Lead Software Engineer
Evaluate a company’s needs and develop software to address them.

Level Designer
Create the scenery and other elements of individual game levels.

Matte Painter
Make backdrops for movies.

Mobile Application Developer
Create games and other apps for smartphones.

Modeling Supervisor
Lead the process of turning rough drawings into digital models.

Motion Graphic Artist
Design dynamic graphics through animation, video, and sounds.

Multimedia Artist
Show your art in a variety of channels, like digital, film, and video.

Network Administrator
Monitor a company’s computer network to ensure peak performance.

Network Analyst
Evaluate a company’s needs to see what kind of network is a good match.

Network Architect
Plan the best computer network to suit a company’s processes.

Network Designer
Arrange a company’s computer network in the fastest possible setup.

Network Engineer
Build, test, and maintain a company’s computer network.

Network Manager
Oversee a team charged with installing and maintaining computer networks.

New Media Specialist
Use the Internet to market a company.

Nurse Informaticist
Equip nurses with technology to enable high-quality patient care.

Online Media Buyer
Buy advertising space on the Internet for your clients.

Professional Gamer
Get good enough at video games to enter tournaments and win prize money.

Quality Assurance Engineer
Create and implement procedures for evaluating product quality.

Quality Assurance Manager
Oversee the workers involved in testing products.

Search Engine Optimization Specialist
Tweak websites so they rank higher in search engine results.

Security Administrator
Keep entire computer networks safe from harm and hackers.

Semiconductor Process Engineer
Improve and manage the step-by-step process of creating a computer chip.

Senior Web Developer
Direct a team of Web Developers through projects.

SEO Analyst
Drive a website to the top of search rankings by fixing its content.

SEO Consultant
Advise companies on how to improve their search engine rankings.

Sign Designer
Create inviting signs for businesses.

Software Architect
Oversee the design and implementation of computer software.

Software Developer
Build, test, and market computer software.

Software Engineer
Design, program, and update software.

Software Release Manager
Guide software products through development, testing, and release.

Software Tester
Scrutinize software to find its flaws.

Statistical Programmer
Develop computer software that organizes statistical data.

Stop Motion Animator
Make animated films or shorts using the stop motion technique.

Storyboard Artist
Create a series of drawings showing the flow of a movie or ad.

System Administrator
Keep your company’s computer systems up and running.

Systems Analyst
Match clients with the best computer systems for their needs.

Systems Architect
Design computer networks.

Systems Engineer
Create systems for implementing business processes.

Technical Artist
Design awesome game graphics that won’t cause computers to crash.

Telecommunications Engineer
Design, build, and maintain telecommunications equipment.

Telecommunications Specialist
Plan and install telecommunications systems for clients.

Texture Artist
Draw the details that make games and animated movies look more realistic.

User Experience Designer
Make a website enjoyable and easy to use.

User Interface Designer
Equip devices with user-friendly features.

Video Game Technical Artist
Animate game art by writing its computer code.

Visual Development Artist
Help develop the visual world of an animated film.

Web Content Manager
Fill web pages with relevant content, including videos, text, and photos.

Web Designer
Create attractive and functional websites for clients.

Web Developer
Build the programming behind websites.

Web Editor
Make sure a company’s web content is in line with its image and goals.

Webmaster
Monitor and update websites.
